****************************
* Build Acceptance Results *
****************************

test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Expect access denied failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Got event! Viral failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Action 0: DenyAccess failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Action 0 Flags: Succeeded failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Flags 1: 0x400 CONTEXTUAL_SCAN_DETECTION failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Threat 0 Exoneration::Exonerated: false failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Threat 0 Name: Trojan.EV3!g1 failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Threat 0 VID: 0xffbe00e1 failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Threat 1 Exoneration::Exonerated: true failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Threat 1 Name: Trojan.EV1!g1 failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Threat 1 VID: 0xddf1 failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: Threat Count: 2 failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: "\[APDD\] - AP_POST_CONTEXTUAL_SCAN" evaluated to 0; failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: "\[APDD\] - - ThreatEntries\(2\)" evaluated to 0; failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: "\[APDD\] - - - VirName: Trojan.EV3!g1 \(0xffbe00e1\)" evaluated to 0; failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: "\[APDD\] - - - VirName: Trojan.EV1!g1 \(0xddf1\)" evaluated to 0; failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: "\[APDD\] - Action Count: 1" evaluated to 0; failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: "\[APDD\] - - - Action\(0\) SUCCEED: 0x1" evaluated to 0; failed
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	FAIL: "\[APDD\] - - - GetFlags1: 0x400" evaluated to 0; failed
SUMMARY:
	 Ran 19 tests. 0 passed. 19 failed. 0.00 percent passed.

Failed Cases: 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Expect access denied failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Got event! Viral failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Action 0: DenyAccess failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Action 0 Flags: Succeeded failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Flags 1: 0x400 CONTEXTUAL_SCAN_DETECTION failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Threat 0 Exoneration::Exonerated: false failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Threat 0 Name: Trojan.EV3!g1 failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Threat 0 VID: 0xffbe00e1 failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Threat 1 Exoneration::Exonerated: true failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Threat 1 Name: Trojan.EV1!g1 failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Threat 1 VID: 0xddf1 failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 Threat Count: 2 failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 "\[APDD\] - AP_POST_CONTEXTUAL_SCAN" evaluated to 0; failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 "\[APDD\] - - ThreatEntries\(2\)" evaluated to 0; failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 "\[APDD\] - - - VirName: Trojan.EV3!g1 \(0xffbe00e1\)" evaluated to 0; failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 "\[APDD\] - - - VirName: Trojan.EV1!g1 \(0xddf1\)" evaluated to 0; failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 "\[APDD\] - Action Count: 1" evaluated to 0; failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 "\[APDD\] - - - Action\(0\) SUCCEED: 0x1" evaluated to 0; failed 
test.ba.test_commandlinescan.CommandLineScan.test_command_line_scan_multi_threat:
	 "\[APDD\] - - - GetFlags1: 0x400" evaluated to 0; failed 
