****************************
* Build Acceptance Results *
****************************

test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	PASS: eicar.com passed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	PASS: eicar.com passed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: backdoor.sdbot.exe failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: backdoor.sdbot.txt failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: infostealer.banpaes.exe failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: infostealer.banpaes.txt failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: troj.goldun.b.exe failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: troj.goldun.b.txt failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	PASS: trojan.horse.exe passed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	PASS: trojan.horse.txt passed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	PASS: trojan.nebuler.exe passed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	PASS: trojan.nebuler.txt passed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: trojan.tooso.l.exe failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	FAIL: trojan.tooso.l.txt failed
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	PASS: eicar.com eicar.com backdoor.sdbot.exe backdoor.sdbot.txt infostealer.banpaes.exe infostealer.banpaes.txt troj.goldun.b.exe troj.goldun.b.txt trojan.horse.exe trojan.horse.txt trojan.nebuler.exe trojan.nebuler.txt trojan.tooso.l.exe trojan.tooso.l.txt passed
SUMMARY:
	 Ran 15 tests. 7 passed. 8 failed. 46.67 percent passed.

Failed Cases: 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 backdoor.sdbot.exe failed 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 backdoor.sdbot.txt failed 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 infostealer.banpaes.exe failed 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 infostealer.banpaes.txt failed 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 troj.goldun.b.exe failed 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 troj.goldun.b.txt failed 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 trojan.tooso.l.exe failed 
test.ba.test_deferredscan_dropper.DeferredScanDropper.test_basic:
	 trojan.tooso.l.txt failed 
